added alternate method to launch pyre when built from source (#397)
facebook/pyre-check: documentation/website/docs/installation.md

```
You should be able to open a new shell and run `pyre -h` now, confirming `pyre` was set-up correctly. Any changes made to the Pyre Python client code should be immediately observable the next time you invoke `pyre`

#### Testing changes for Plugin Development

> VSCode often has problems working with aliases. As a result, Pyre fails to start in the VSCode Extension Development Host during the debugging process. To get around this, instead of creating an alias, we can create an executable script called `pyre` in the `scripts` directory with the following lines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VSCode will not pick up your shell aliases, so the alias step in the previous section will not work if you're doing VSCode Plugin development. To get around this, instead of creating an alias, we can create an executable script called `pyre` and place it in a directory in our `PATH`:
```

```bash
#!/bin/bash
export PYTHONPATH="/path/to/pyre-check:$PYTHONPATH"

> python -m client.pyre "$@"

Reviewer: Nit: This can be a one liner
```suggestion
PYTHONPATH="/path/to/pyre-check:$PYTHONPATH" python -m client.pyre "$@"
```

```

> Add the `pyre-check` directory to `PYTHONPATH`, the `pyre-check/scripts` directory to `PATH` and then use the command `pyre` to launch the client like before

Reviewer: First part is no longer relavent.

```suggestion
Add the `pyre-check/scripts` directory to `PATH` (assuming you placed the above script in that directory) and then use the command `pyre` to launch the client like before
```

```bash

> $ echo "export PYTHONPATH=/path/to/pyre-check:$PYTHONPATH" >> ~/.bashrc

Reviewer: This can be moved into the script file, rather than modifying the user's `PYTHONPATH` globally

> $ echo "export PATH=/path/to/pyre-check/scripts:$PATH" >> ~/.bashrc

Reviewer: You should add quotes like we did for the alias example above, so that spaces in `PATH` doesn't break things

```
You should be able to open a new shell and run `pyre -h` now, confirming `pyre` was set-up correctly. Any changes made to the Pyre Python client code should be immediately observable the next time you invoke `pyre`

#### Testing changes for Plugin Development
VSCode will not pick up your shell aliases, so the alias step in the previous section will not work if you're doing VSCode Plugin development. To get around this, instead of creating an alias, we can create an executable script called `pyre` and place it in a directory in our `PATH`:

```bash
#!/bin/bash

> export PYTHONPATH="/path/to/pyre-check:$PYTHONPATH" python -m client.pyre "$@"

Reviewer 2: We don't need the `export` here.
`A=B cmd` runs `cmd` with the environment variable `A` set to `B`, regardless of whether `A` was exported on not.

Author: Oh I didn't know that! I'll make the change thanks

```
Add the `pyre-check/scripts` directory to `PATH` (assuming you placed the above script in that directory) and then use the command `pyre` to launch the client like before

```bash

> $ echo 'export PATH="/path/to/pyre-check/scripts:$PATH"' >> ~/.bashrc

Reviewer 2: nitpick here: we don't need the `export` here either. `PATH` is always exported, otherwise, well, nothing would work.

```
You should be able to open a new shell and run `pyre -h` now, confirming `pyre` was set-up correctly. Any changes made to the Pyre Python client code should be immediately observable the next time you invoke `pyre`

#### Testing changes for Plugin Development
VSCode will not pick up your shell aliases, so the alias step in the previous section will not work if you're doing VSCode Plugin development. To get around this, instead of creating an alias, we can create an executable script called `pyre` and place it in a directory in our `PATH`:

```bash
#!/bin/bash

> export PYTHONPATH="/path/to/pyre-check:$PYTHONPATH"

Reviewer: Looks like you forgot to delete this line

Author: Yeah sorry about that

PYTHONPATH="/path/to/pyre-check:$PYTHONPATH" python -m client.pyre "$@"
```
Add the `pyre-check/scripts` directory to `PATH` (assuming you placed the above script in that directory) and then use the command `pyre` to launch the client like before

```bash

> $ echo 'export PATH="/path/to/pyre-check/scripts:$PATH"' >> ~/.bashrc

Author: I don't think we need to escape it ..? I did test it out ... I ran the command as it is and I get this in my `.bashrc`
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17424778/112508318-70714300-8db5-11eb-865f-67c4983b9af2.png)

which I think is correct

> $ echo 'export PATH="/path/to/pyre-check/scripts:$PATH"' >> ~/.bashrc

Reviewer: Ahh, string interpolation is only in double quotes. Perfect, thanks for adding evidence!
